(01) You were killed on the night of your birthday, drunk, having stumbled into the path of an oncoming car. Waking up in the woods near Hateno Village, you have no idea where you are and why you seem to have been dumped in the forest, with no memory of your death.

You only realise where you are when you reach Hateno, and especially when you see Hyrule Castle, and two beams of light from the Gerudo Valley and Death Mountain holding the Calamity at bay.

(02) You realise that at least Link appears to be here and working, so you don't have to be a hero.

Realising that you're out of place and have no money, and wishing to explore Hyrule, you come up with the idea of delivering letters and goods for the people of Hyrule. 

(03-05) Your deliveries take you across the lands of Hyrule, and you're in awe of the places you once only saw on a screen. Though word travels of your work, you never interact with anyone 'plot-critical', aside from Kass the bard, who you often see at the stables you pass. 

(06) Eventually Kass commissions you to deliver news to a stable in the Hebra Mountains, but primarily to search for a missing person last seen nearby. Your new life takes a drastic turn as you stumble upon the dead body of Link, slain by a Lynel, and realise you have to take on the hero's role after all. (07) You deliver the news to Purah, delivering her Link's Master Sword and Sheikah Slate, and as you both use the Slate to return him to the Shrine of Resurrection, you pledge to attempt to continue his work, saying that 'if we don't follow in his footsteps, Hyrule is lost'. She starts to catch on that you're not just who you say you are, and you finally tell the truth. She allows you to hold the Sheikah Slate and sends you up to Kakariko Village with letter to Impa, on your way to Vah Ruta.

(08-09) You end up having to break the news of Link's death to Prince Sidon, and the two of you disable the Divine Beast enough for you to board and attempt to control the beast. As you navigate Vah Ruta, Mipha's spirit talks to you, and you have to break the news of Link's death to her - why you're here in his place. After nearly dying to the Waterblight, you end up having a heart to heart with her, confiding that you don't know if you can complete the task set for Link. She assures you that despite great odds you have survived this far and retaken control of a Divine Beast, and is willing to grant Mipha's Grace to you, feeling there is something... similar to Link within you. You pledge that you'll do your best not to let the Champions down.

(10) After a quiet chat with Sidon, about Mipha, Link and what lies ahead, Purah summons you back to the Ancient Tech Lab, and as soon as you step inside, she presses a sword into your hand - the Master Sword, you realise. And this confirms a theory that she had - that you are a reincarnation of Link. You visit the Shrine of Resurrection to visit him and attempt to figure out what she means. (11) You spend most of the day there on the Great Plateau alone. You visit the Temple of Time and pray to the goddesses in search of clarity in the matter, only to have it confirmed that you and Link are... linked, in some way that she won't reveal yet. She reveals to you that Link can be brought back, but would require 'great sacrifice', which you would later figure out to be your own death, inside the Shrine itself.

(12) You decide first that the last Divine Beast, Vah Medoh, is a priority though, and you set yourself toward Rito Village, the second time you visit the area. Passing by the nearby stable, Kass greets you and pulls you aside to ask about Link, and the fact you're carrying the Sheikah Slate. You apologise for not having returned with the bad news of his fate, but assure him that you are close to finding the answers behind it all. 

Continuing to the Flight Range, you meet Teba who is planning to assault the Divine Beast's defences. After proving yourself able to accompany him, you both take to the high skies, which ends up being an ordeal with just Teba between you and hundreds of meters of falling - mostly.

(13) Once the defenses are down and you've landed upon Vah Medoh, You take a moment to help him with an injury he sustained, but with limited supplies he has to make the decision to descend and patch himself up. Using your slate to open a warp point, Revali's spirit appears before you. You end up bantering with him as you work through the dungeon and activate terminals.

(14) After the Windblight Ganon fight, on which you feel more confident to take him on compared to the Waterblight, you realise (as he is telling you not to 'go about sacrificing yourself' on the upcoming face-off against Calamity Ganon) the intent of the words from Hylia, and have to stop him from bestowing his gift upon you, telling him that you will return 'soon' for it.

After returning Mipha's gift (with some concern from her), you go to the Lab and explain what you've found to Purah, and throw some theories around on how it is supposed to work. She recalls that one hundred years ago, when initially placing Link in the chamber, that they could not have wounded Sheikah in there with him. She agrees to come with you to the Shrine of Resurrection to test your theory - that the Chamber pulls from ambient decay or wounds, and in the latter case 'eats away' at the body to heal the person to be healed.

Theory confirmed, you and Purah know what needs done, and you prepare for your imminent death. 